Caselate :
Ques. How does a dashboard improve the teaching experience and the student's learning experience?
Ans.
Dashboard is a developed tools to help teachers get a pulse on what's happening in the classroom.
Armed with this information, teachers can placeselective focus on the students that need certain help.

Student do their basic lecture-type learning at home using those vidios, while the class time is used for more one-on-one problem solving and coaching.
Students can access the lessons at any time to learn at their own place.
The student progress is recorded including what vidios they watches and how many timees,which problems they stumbled on, and what score they got on online test.


Q.1. Why should organizations invest in bussiness intelligence solutions? 
Are BI tools more important than IT security solution?
Ans. Organization invest in bussiness intelligence for the better decisions.
The future is inherently uncertain .
Risk of the result of a probabilistic world where there are no certainties and complexities abound.
The goal is to make effective decisions, while reducing risk.
Bussinesses calculate risks and make decision both based on a broad set of facts and insights.
Reliable knowledge about the future can help managers make the right decision with lower lavel of risk.


Q.2. List three bussiness intelligence applications in the hospitality industry.
Ans. Hospitality industry is the biggest sector in advanced economies.
Evidence-based medicine is the newest trend in data-based healthcare management.
BI applications can help apply the most effective diagnoses and prescriptions for various ailments :
Treatment Effectiveness:
The prescription of medication and treatment is also a difficult choice out of so many possibilities.
There are also interactions in term of which drugs work well with others and which drugs do not.
Decision trees can help doctors learn about and prescribe more effective treatments.
The patients can recover their health faster with a lower risk of complications and cost.
Public Health Management:
The management of public healt is one of the important responsibilities of any government.
By using effective forecasting tools and techniques,governments can better predict the onset of diseases in certain areas in real time.
They can thus be better prepared to fight against diseases. 
Google has been known to predict the movement of certain diseases by tracking the search terms used in different parts of the world.
 
 
Q.3.Describe two BI tools used in your organization.
Ans.Bussigenss intelligence is what you learn from lokking at   past, current, and future/projected information,
as well as the ways and tools you use to look at that information.

(a) Dshboard:-The Student Dashboard in an online resource designed to help you understand how well you are engaging with your studies.
It enables you to compare yourself with other students on your course.
Benifits of dashboard:-
We know that there is a positive association between high engagement and academic success.
The Student Dashboard enables you to take more control of your studies.
You can see your current engagement level and how you can proactively change it. 
Your tutor can also see your dashboard and they may use the information in the Dashboard as part of the discussions they have with you.
(b) Course Offering:-Schools can use the class enrolment data to develop models of which new courses are likely to 
more popular with students. 
This can help increase class size, reduce costs, and improve student satisfaction.