Q.1. What is the purpose of data werehouse?
Ans. A Data Werehouse is an organized collection of integrated, subject oriented databases designed to aid decision support functions.
   The primary purpose of a data werehouse is to store large volumes of data for queries and analyses. Moreover, a data werehouse facilitates    analytical and reporting processes thus helping users make data-backed routine and strategic business decisions.
   
   
Q.2. What is the key elements of a data werehouse?
Describe each one of them.
Ans. DW has four key eklements.The first element is the data source that provides the raw data. The second element is the process of transforming that data to meet the decision needs. The third element is the method of regularly and accurataly loading of that data into Enterprise Data Werehouse or data marts.The fourth element is the data access and analysis part, where devices and applications use the data from DW to deliver insights and other benefits to users.

( "Data Source Operations -> Data Transformation -> Data Mart or Werehouse -> Accessing Users and Applications" )

Data Sources:
Data Wertehouses are created from structured data sources. Unstructured data such as text data would need to be structured before inserted into the the DW.
 
 
Q.3.What are the  sources and types of data for a data werehouse?
Ans.Data werehouse are created from structured data sources. Unstructured data such as text data would need to be structured before intserted into the DW.

Operations Data:
This includes data form all business applications, including from Enterprices Resource Planning (ERP) systems that from the backbone of a organisation's IT systems. The data to be extracted will depend upon the subject matter of the data werehouse.

Specialized Applications:
This includes applications such as Point of Sale terminals, and e-commerce applications that also provides customer-facing data.
Supplier data could come from Supply Chain Management systems. Planning and budgetdata should also be added as needed for making comparisions against targets.

External Syndicated Data:
This includes publicly available data such as weather or economic activity data. It can also be added to the DW, as needed, to provide good contextual information to decision makers.


Q.4. How will data werehousing evolve in the age of social media?
Ans. The creation of data has increased dramatically in recent years. Amongst other areas, the field of social media is a driver of this development, which is largely related to the growth of the World Wide Web and the content generated by users in the context of Web 2.0. However, this does not lead to an equally fast-growing amount of information. Indeed, compared with traditional operational data, the information density on social media data is much lower. Nowadays, storing a large amount of data is possible without great costs. However, it is not advisable to store data that cannot be analyzed usefully. The big data hype often leads to a data-collecting mania, although a non-negligible part of social media content has no value for businesses or at least for the majority of business users. Due to social media strategies in conjunction with big data being presented in research and practice, which mostly cause a complete redesign of analytical systems, many companies are unsure how to deal with such data. The hype often leads to overestimating the benefits of new advanced analytical systems. Especially for small and medium enterprises or companies operating in traditional, non-data-driven industries, it is not necessary to entirely replace the existing data warehouse environment. For many companies, it is advisable to use an architecture for their analytical system that avoids a revolutionary transformation in order to perform simple analyses based upon social media data. Traditional data warehouse systems can be very efficient in generating an integrated database to gain important insights from social media data in connection with data from operational systems. This article will discuss why a sensible and early limitation of the social media data pool can lead to meaningful conclusions with the help of traditional analytical systems. Moreover, an architecture will be described that allows integrating social media data into a traditional data warehouse. In addition, the architecture enables performing analyses based on large amounts of data, isolated from standard tasks.


